All right, so so far, we are doing good, so we have our app bar, top bar.
There we have the sign out, we have the title and of course, it's very strange icon, but you can
change to whatever you want.
That's fine.
Right.
So now let's go and look at first of all, we can actually change the color to a different color of
our icon, right?
Because if you have over no icon here, you can see that we can say tint and pass a different color
so we can do that.
It's not going to hurt anything and say tint.
I say color and say that.
Light, but say green and then say Coffin Pass and alpha, such about zero point four f like this.
So that way we can just see that a little nice tent there.
Something similar to this, we can play around with this, that sort of thing that was just an optional
thing that actually come to think about it.
I don't really need to add, we don't really need to add that to color so we can do all sort of things
once you have our icon.
You can even a passive modifier and the world is your oyster.
All right.
Let's go ahead and move on and put together this structure here.
OK, so let's see.
How can we add this?
OK, so right.
Of course.
Still inside here, I'm going to create.
Another composable.
And call this fun reading right now.
Area.
And of course, here we go to pass books, which is going to be a list
of banned books like this.
OK.
And then of course, when you pass or nav controller like that.
Now we don't have this book yet.
So let's go ahead and create this in book class.
It's going to be a data class.
So let's go to our models.
We're going to right click and create.
Class is going to be a class call and book.
OK, there we go.
So for now, I'm going to pass if you.
Properties into our right here would say.
I'm going to save for it.
Now you'll notice, usually when we pass properties or fields into our primary constructor, we say
foul because we're going to be dealing with forest store database in this class or this data class will
be, of course, creating a book types that we going be saving in target of these forest or won't work
properly if you make these variables fouls.
Right, these properties have to be VAR because they need to be changed as we pass them along into Firestorm.
So that's something to keep in mind.
And for now, and we'll change this class quite a bit as we go through.
So for now, I'm going to create a string here, which could be null.
And then I'm going to go create another one for the title of the book.
Make this knowable all over again.
Authors, it's going to be a string cheese because we know and notes, OK, we are coming back.
We'll be coming back to do more work.
And of course, we'll come back to do more work for our book.
But for now, that's that's fine because we just want to have a structure that we can use.
OK, so that is going to be actually this area here.
So we'll get back to that.
So let's focus again to this area here.
Your reading activity?
So first, let's look at this text here.
Your reading activity right now.
So I'm going to create yet another composable here.
Lots of compose.
Let's just give ourselves some space and then say, Fine, we're going to call this title section and
I'm going to pass.
Modifier.
Label, it's going to be just a text or string, they should say.
Right?
The reason why I'm putting in a different modifier again is because we will be using this title section
here and as well here, so might as well just put in a different in its own composable so we can reuse
that code.
OK, so I'm going to create less create a surface such in the pass or modifier.
Let's keep it padding about.
Five deep.
Start top, about one deep and inside here, I'm just going to put it column
and I'm going to say text and pass a label, of course.
And let's style this.
I say font style.
I'm going to say normal.
Well, it's so well.
We should start with font size.
It's fine.
19 ESP and font style.
I want this normal
text line.
I want this to be left.
Oops, it's come back left.
Text a line like this grey area.
Now we've created the composable that responsible for creating this as well as this at a later time.
OK, now let's look at the structure that we have so far.
So we do have a reader app which has been called inside of our home.
Right?
So this homing member is part of our navigation, which means being called our main activity.
So let me close down some of these because we can have some sort of a better visual of what's going
on now for our home content here.
I'm going to yet create another composable here.
Fine.
I'm going to call this home content, which is going to be called here.
So I'm just going to say home content is such.
And as you know, by now, let's go ahead and also pass the navigation map controller, which means
here I'm going, yes, go ahead and pass our nav controller.
OK.
This also would suffice because they have the same name anyway.
So nav controller to again from home, we're going to pass along.
So there we go.
All right.
So now our home content here, this is where we are going to create pretty much all of this structure
here.
Right?
So anything from below our app bar there all the way down.
So if you look at the structure of everything, everything pretty much is laid out top to bottom.
So which means we need a column.
So let's do that was add a column right away.
And this has a modifier here padding.
It's going to say about two deep,
and I'd see
when I add a vertical arrangement.
I say arrangements, space even evenly.
OK, so now inside when add a row first because I'm going to structure this now, so I'm going to the
first row, second row and so forth.
OK.
So from my row here, I'm going to also add a modifier.
Oops and say a line.
Let's just say modifier.
Online such and I'm going to say pass an alignment of of alignment.
I want everything to be at the start, so it starts goes to the left, OK, inside of our row.
And this is the row where I'm going to first add this title section, which were created.
I'm going to say title section and passing the label.
The label's going to say something like this.
You're reading and then I'm going to put a new line scape there.
Another text that says Activity right now.
Let's take a look at at a preview here so we can see how perhaps all of this looks.
We're going to have issues here.
Let's just say it's equal to nav controller passing in local context.
That current like this.
That way, we can hopefully see something in our preview.
Let's just see.
All right.
So as you see here, we make this like that.
You can see now it's working perfectly well, not perfectly, but at least you can see that we have,
of course, the top bar there.
And we have your reading activity at this moment, which is right below here.
It's OK as we add other items.
This is going to be pulled up.
OK.
Where it's it belongs.
All right, so we're making good progress here, this is starting to look, at least we can see the
pieces coming together.